!!@@##@@!! -- Example 0
Passage: Coming off their win over the Bills, the Broncos traveled to Qualcomm Stadium for an AFC West rematch with the San Diego Chargers. On the Broncos' second offensive possession, the Broncos advanced to the Chargers' 1-yard line, but were forced to settle for a 19-yard field goal by placekicker Connor Barth. On the Chargers' next possession, defensive end Malik Jackson forced a fumble off Chargers' quarterback Philip Rivers, which was recovered by Broncos' linebacker Von Miller deep in Chargers' territory. However, the Broncos were forced to settle for another Barth field goal early in the second quarter &#8212; from 26 yards out. The Chargers then drove to the Broncos' 28-yard line in 14 plays, however, placekicker Nick Novak's 46-yard field goal attempt was blocked by Broncos' defensive tackle Derek Wolfe. The Broncos subsequently marched all the way to the Chargers' 1-yard line, but were once again forced to settle for another 19-yard field goal by Barth, after a 1-yard touchdown run by C. J. Anderson was overturned by an instant replay review just after the two-minute warning. Broncos' quarterback Peyton Manning, battling through flu-like symptoms, suffered a thigh injury while attempting to throw a block on the overturned touchdown run. Backup quarterback Brock Osweiler took over for Manning on the Broncos' next possession. Both teams were forced to punt on their next possessions, and following the Broncos' punt, Chargers' return specialist Eddie Royal ran to the Broncos' 17-yard line with 50 seconds left before halftime. However, the Chargers were forced to settle for a 30-yard field goal by Novak to pull to within 9-3 at halftime. Both teams were forced to punt on their initial possessions of the second half, and on the Chargers' second possession, Novak missed on a 37-yard field goal attempt that hit the left upright. The Broncos added to their lead near the end of the third quarter, with Manning connecting on a 28-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Demaryius Thomas &#8212; the Broncos' only touchdown of the game. However, the Chargers responded, with an 11-play, 80-yard drive, culminating in a 5-yard touchdown pass from Rivers to tight end Antonio Gates. The Broncos subsequently increased their lead to 19-10 with five minutes remaining in the game, with a 49-yard field goal by Barth. The Chargers attempted a rally, but Rivers was intercepted by Broncos' cornerback Aqib Talib at the Chargers' 34-yard line. Three plays later, after the Chargers had exhausted all three of their team timeouts, Barth kicked his fifth field goal of the game &#8212; from 44 yards out. The Chargers had one last offensive possession, however, Rivers was intercepted by Broncos' safety Rahim Moore near the goal line just before the two-minute warning to seal the victory for the Broncos. With the win, the Broncos clinched their fourth consecutive AFC West division title, and swept their division rivals on the road for the fifth time in six seasons.
Question: Which player had a touchdown reversed?
Answer: C. J. Anderson

Passage:  Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Patriots, the Raiders stayed at home for a Week 16 duel with the Houston Texans.  Oakland would get the early lead in the first quarter as quarterback JaMarcus Russell completed a 20-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Chaz Schilens.  The Texans would respond with fullback Vonta Leach getting a 1-yard touchdown run, yet the Raiders would answer with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 33-yard and a 30-yard field goal.  Houston would tie the game in the second quarter with kicker Kris Brown getting a 53-yard and a 24-yard field goal. Oakland would take the lead in the third quarter with wide receiver Johnnie Lee Higgins catching a 29-yard touchdown pass from Russell, followed up by an 80-yard punt return for a touchdown.  The Texans tried to rally in the fourth quarter as Brown nailed a 40-yard field goal, yet the Raiders' defense would shut down any possible attempt.
Question: Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Answer:
