!!@@##@@!! -- Example 0
Passage: China's auto industry is currently facing the dilemma of lacking complete car development capabilities and its own brand. The parts manufacturing system has not formed a corresponding scale. There is still a large gap compared with similar foreign industries. Although the auto industry has made great strides in recent years. Development, but the backward management and service system has become a "bottleneck" for China's industry after China's entry into the WTO. Therefore, we must carefully study these issues.
Question: What do the following headings mean?
Choices:
A. Major Issues in the Automotive Industry
B. How to deal with the "bottlenecks" of the automotive industry
C. WTO and China's automotive industry
D. Encouraging developments in the automotive industry
Answer: Major Issues in the Automotive Industry

Passage: Black Americans are twice as likely to suffer from hypertension as white Americans. The same is true when comparing Westernized black Africans to white Africans. The researchers hypothesized that the reason why westernized black people suffer from hypertension is the result of the interaction of two reasons? one is the high salt content of western foods, and the other is the adaptation mechanism of black genetic genes to the salt-deficient environment .
Question: The following conclusions about contemporary westernized African blacks, if the item is true, can it best support the researchers' hypothesis?
Choices:
A. The blood pressure of the descendants of Senegalese and Gambians is usually not high, and the history of Senegal and Gambia has not been short of salt.
B. The unusually high salt intake in certain parts of Africa is a serious problem that threatens the health of residents.
C. Considering health care, most African whites also pay attention to controlling salt intake.
D. The blood pressure of Yoruba people in West Africa is not high. Yoruba people have lived inland far away from sea salt and far away from the Sahara salt mine in Africa.
Answer:
